README.md, before:

# Pixel-Converter
Pixel Converter for Rust Programming Language Class

#How to run program
Download the repository and have the path of the image you want to alter on hand

Switch into the src directory.
(This is still a work in progress, so for now the program has to run in the src directory or else the program will not be able
to save the output image correctly)

run : cargo run

All crates will be downloaded and the program will prompt you to give the path of the image you want to alter.
The program will then display a menu and give you instructions

When finished the ouput of the program will be saved to the Output directory which is located with the source files in
the src directory

# Topic Area and Project Vision
For this project we want to focus on image manipulation by changing its pixels. So our topic area revolves around images and graphics and
the unique and vast ways they can be changed or altered to match someones preferences or creativity.

Our Vision for this project is to create an interface where the user will be able to supply our product with an image and decide what
altercations they want done on it. The alterations will range from size, color, orientation, blurriness, etc. We want the user to be
able to have full control over what they want to happen to their image. Also we want to add in features which will be interesting for us
as well. By that we mean, using the rust tools which we have learned to implement a feature which may not already have been thought of.
All of this will be command line based, unless we have enough time to implement a sofphisticated GUI.

# Layout of Project
There will be multiple files that will run the program. The main.rs file will take in an image from the command line and output a command-line menu
where the user will be able to pick and choose what alterations they want to have done to the image. Each of the alterations will be implemented
in different rust files and have functions that can be called from the main file. The output of the program will be another image with all of the
alterations done to it.

To implement this project we will first familiarize ourselves with the image crate. This will allow us to have access to the individual
pixels in the image as well as making changes to them (We will not be using the built in functions which can alter the images
we plan on implementing any functions that alter pixels ourselves). Next we will make our program able to take in and output an image.
These first two tasks will be done fairly quickly in about a week. In the next phase we will begin implementating features for our program
which will alter the pixels of the image passed in. This phase is fairly broad because we haven't decided on the full list of features
to implement yet. But this will be the bulk of the project and take until the last week of class.

# Issues and Concerns
The main issue/concern about the project is how much control we will have over the pixels from the image crate. We don't know much information
about this crate and it will be a big learning curve. However, other than that there shouldn't be too many issues besides the normal predicatable
ones. For example, bugs or problems with the borrow checker which we should be able to solve in an orderly manner.

Commit message:

Added rotate unit test and updated README.md
Unit tests have been added that test the rotate 90, 180, and 270
functions. In addition a small message has been added to the README
that explains how to run the tests and a brief description of what the
unit tests are doing.

README.md, after:

# Pixel-Converter
Pixel Converter for Rust Programming Language Class

#How to run program
Download the repository and have the path of the image you want to alter on hand

Switch into the src directory.
(This is still a work in progress, so for now the program has to run in the src directory or else the program will not be able
to save the output image correctly)

run : cargo run

All crates will be downloaded and the program will prompt you to give the path of the image you want to alter.
The program will then display a menu and give you instructions

When finished the ouput of the program will be saved to the Output directory which is located with the source files in
the src directory

TESTING

cargo test

this will run a series of unit tests that test individual functions. The tests will run the function on an image and compare each pixel
with the pixels of a image which has already been altered in the same way and confirmed that it is correct.
# Topic Area and Project Vision
For this project we want to focus on image manipulation by changing its pixels. So our topic area revolves around images and graphics and
the unique and vast ways they can be changed or altered to match someones preferences or creativity.

Our Vision for this project is to create an interface where the user will be able to supply our product with an image and decide what
altercations they want done on it. The alterations will range from size, color, orientation, blurriness, etc. We want the user to be
able to have full control over what they want to happen to their image. Also we want to add in features which will be interesting for us
as well. By that we mean, using the rust tools which we have learned to implement a feature which may not already have been thought of.
All of this will be command line based, unless we have enough time to implement a sofphisticated GUI.

# Layout of Project
There will be multiple files that will run the program. The main.rs file will take in an image from the command line and output a command-line menu
where the user will be able to pick and choose what alterations they want to have done to the image. Each of the alterations will be implemented
in different rust files and have functions that can be called from the main file. The output of the program will be another image with all of the
alterations done to it.

To implement this project we will first familiarize ourselves with the image crate. This will allow us to have access to the individual
pixels in the image as well as making changes to them (We will not be using the built in functions which can alter the images
we plan on implementing any functions that alter pixels ourselves). Next we will make our program able to take in and output an image.
These first two tasks will be done fairly quickly in about a week. In the next phase we will begin implementating features for our program
which will alter the pixels of the image passed in. This phase is fairly broad because we haven't decided on the full list of features
to implement yet. But this will be the bulk of the project and take until the last week of class.

# Issues and Concerns
The main issue/concern about the project is how much control we will have over the pixels from the image crate. We don't know much information
about this crate and it will be a big learning curve. However, other than that there shouldn't be too many issues besides the normal predicatable
ones. For example, bugs or problems with the borrow checker which we should be able to solve in an orderly manner.
